[CI:DOCS] Added an additional troubleshooting problem and solution (#19784)
containers/podman: troubleshooting.md

* Use the `crun` runtime by passing `--runtime /usr/bin/crun` to `podman build`.

See also [Buildah issue 4228](https://github.com/containers/buildah/issues/4228) for a full discussion of the problem.

### 42) podman-in-podman builds that are file I/0 intensive are very slow

> When using overlay storage driver to do a nested podman build inside a running container, file I/O operations such as `COPY` of a large amount of data is very slow or can hang completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using overlay storage driver to do a nested `podman build` inside a running container, file I/O operations such as `COPY` of a large amount of data is very slow or can hang completely.
```

#### Symptom

> Using the default `overlay` storage driver, a `COPY`, `ADD`, or a I/O intensive `RUN` line in a `Containerfile` that is run inside another container is very slow or hangs completely when running a `podman build` inside the running parent container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the default `overlay` storage driver, a `COPY`, `ADD`, or an I/O intensive `RUN` line in a `Containerfile` that is run inside another container is very slow or hangs completely when running a `podman build` inside the running parent container.
```

> Using the default `overlay` storage driver, a `COPY`, `ADD`, or a I/O intensive `RUN` line in a `Containerfile` that is nested inside a parent running container is very slow or hangs completely when running a `podman build` inside the running parent container.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: `nested inside a parent running container` -> `run inside another container`

Author: Done!

#### Solution

> This could be caused by the child container using `fuse-overlayfs` for writing to `/var/lib/containers/storage`. Writes can be slow with `fuse-overlayfs`. The solution is to use the native overlay filesystem by using a local directory on the host system as a volume to `/var/lib/containers/storage` like so: `podman run --privileged --rm -it -v ./nested_storage:/var/lib/containers/storage parent:latest`. Make sure that the base image of `parent:latest` in this example does not have any contents in `/var/lib/containers/storage` in the image itself for this to work. Once the using native volume the nested container should not fall back to `fuse-overlayfs` to write files and the nested build will complete much faster.

Reviewer: I wasn't 100% sure what you were getting at in the last sentence, I took my best shot.

```suggestion
This could be caused by the child container using `fuse-overlayfs` for writing to `/var/lib/containers/storage`. Writes can be slow with `fuse-overlayfs`. The solution is to use the native `overlay` filesystem by using a local directory on the host system as a volume to `/var/lib/containers/storage` like so: `podman run --privileged --rm -it -v ./nested_storage:/var/lib/containers/storage parent:latest`. Ensure that the base image of `parent:latest` in this example has no contents in `/var/lib/containers/storage` in the image itself for this to work. Once using the native volume, the nested container should not fall back to `fuse-overlayfs` to write files and the nested build will complete much faster.
```

> If you don't have access to the parent run process, such as in a CI environment, then the second option is to change the storage driver to `vfs` in the parent image by changing changing this line in your `storage.conf` file: `driver = "vfs"` you may have to run `podman system reset` for this to take effect. You know it's changed when `podman info |grep graphDriverName` outputs `graphDriverName: vfs`. This method is slower performance than using the volume method above but is significantly faster than `fuse-overlayfs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have access to the parent run process, such as in a CI environment, then the second option is to change the storage driver to `vfs` in the parent image by changing this line in your `storage.conf` file: `driver = "vfs"`.  Yyou may have to run `podman system reset` for this to take effect. You know it's changed when `podman info |grep graphDriverName` outputs `graphDriverName: vfs`. This method is slower performance than using the volume method above, but is significantly faster than `fuse-overlayfs`
```

Author: Fixed!

> If you don't have access to the parent run process, such as in a CI environment, then the second option is to change the storage driver to `vfs` in the parent image by changing changing this line in your `storage.conf` file: `driver = "vfs"` you may have to run `podman system reset` for this to take effect. You know it's changed when `podman info |grep graphDriverName` outputs `graphDriverName: vfs`. This method is slower performance than using the volume method above but is significantly faster than `fuse-overlayfs`

Reviewer 2: @giuseppe Should we add a note about minimum kernel version for native overlay, or do we think that all major distros have kernels that support native overlay?
